[Workers] tutorials style guide revision (#3199)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/tutorials/localize-a-website/index.md

The `--site` flag tells Wrangler that you want to build a [Workers Sites](/platform/sites) project. This means that there will be both a Workers script and a static site component, which includes any HTML and page assets that you want to serve to the user. Inside the Workers script, you can customize the HTML response using `HTMLRewriter`.

The newly generated `i18n-example` project will contain two folders: `public`, which is your static HTML, and `workers-site`:

<pre class="CodeBlock CodeBlock-scrolls-horizontally" language="sh"><code><u><b class="CodeBlock--token-directory">~/i18n-example</b> <b class="CodeBlock--token-prompt">$</b> </u>ls<br/><u><b class="CodeBlock--token-value">public    workers-site  wrangler.toml</b></u></code></pre>

> Inside of the `public` directory, replace the default generated HTML code with the HTML5 UP template seen in the demo screenshot: download a [release](https://github.com/signalnerve/i18n-example-workers/archive/v1.0.zip) (ZIP link) of the code for this project and copy the `public` folder to your own project to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside of the `public` directory, replace the default generated HTML code with the HTML5 UP template seen in the demo screenshot: download a [release](https://github.com/signalnerve/i18n-example-workers/archive/v1.0.zip) (ZIP file) of the code for this project and copy the `public` folder to your own project to get started.
```

Inside of this file, the default code for running a [Workers Site](/platform/sites) has been provided. The crucial part of the generated code lives in the `handleEvent` function. The `getAssetFromKV` function retrieves a website asset uploaded from your local `./public` folder, makes it live on Workers KV, and returns it to the user. For now, ignore `getAssetFromKV` (though if you would like to learn more, refer to [the documentation](/platform/sites/start-from-worker).

> To implement translations on the site, take the HTML response retrieved from KV and pass it into a new instance of `HTMLRewriter`. When instantiating `HTMLRewriter`, you can attach handlers using the `on` function. For this tutorial, you will use the `[data-i18n-key]` selector (refer to the [HTMLRewriter documentation](/runtime-apis/html-rewriter) for more advanced usage) to locate all elements with the `data-i18n-key` attribute, which signifies their need for translation. Any matching element will be passed to an instance of your `ElementHandler` class, which will contain the translation logic. With the created instance of `HTMLRewriter`, the `transform` function takes a `response` and can be returned to the client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement translations on the site, take the HTML response retrieved from KV and pass it into a new instance of `HTMLRewriter`. When instantiating `HTMLRewriter`, you can attach handlers using the `on` function. For this tutorial, you will use the `[data-i18n-key]` selector (refer to the [HTMLRewriter documentation](/runtime-apis/html-rewriter) for more advanced usage) to locate all elements with the `data-i18n-key` attribute, which means that they must be translated. Any matching element will be passed to an instance of your `ElementHandler` class, which will contain the translation logic. With the created instance of `HTMLRewriter`, the `transform` function takes a `response` and can be returned to the client:
```
I believe that a passive voice occurrence is preferable to the complex wording.

To review that everything looks as expected, use the preview functionality built into Wrangler. Call [`wrangler dev`](/cli-wrangler/commands#dev) to open up a live preview of your project. `wrangler dev` is refreshed after every code change that you make.

> You can expand on this simple translation functionality to provide country-specific translations, based on the incoming request’s `Accept-Language` header. By taking this header, parsing it, and passing the parsed language into our `ElementHandler`, you can retrieve a translated string in our user’s home language, provided that it is defined in `strings`.

Author: ```suggestion
You can expand on this simple translation functionality to provide country-specific translations, based on the incoming request’s `Accept-Language` header. By taking this header, parsing it, and passing the parsed language into your `ElementHandler`, you can retrieve a translated string in your user’s home language, provided that it is defined in `strings`.
```
